docs/01-workflow-diagrams.md, before:

# Capstone Workflow Diagrams

## Project Status State Machine

The project lifecycle follows a strict state machine to ensure academic integrity.

### States (Enums)
1.  **PROPOSED**: Initial state. Student creates a project proposal.
2.  **ADVISER_REVIEW**: Student submits the proposal/document for adviser review.
3.  **REVISION_REQUIRED**: Adviser returns the document with feedback.
4.  **APPROVED_FOR_DEFENSE**: Adviser approves the document for panel defense.
5.  **ARCHIVED**: Project is completed and archived by the Coordinator.

### Transitions

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2
    [*] --> PROPOSED
    PROPOSED --> ADVISER_REVIEW: Student Submits
    ADVISER_REVIEW --> REVISION_REQUIRED: Adviser Requests Changes
    REVISION_REQUIRED --> ADVISER_REVIEW: Student Re-submits
    ADVISER_REVIEW --> APPROVED_FOR_DEFENSE: Adviser Approves
    APPROVED_FOR_DEFENSE --> ARCHIVED: Coordinator Archives
    ARCHIVED --> [*]
```

### Rules
*   **Uploads**: Allowed only in `PROPOSED` and `REVISION_REQUIRED`.
*   **Adviser Review**: Only Advisers can transition from `ADVISER_REVIEW`.
*   **Archival**: Only Coordinators can transition to `ARCHIVED`.

Commit message:

feat(auth): implement password reset functionality with email code verification
- Added `forgotPassword` and `resetPassword` endpoints to handle password reset requests and verification.
- Integrated Nodemailer for sending reset codes via email.
- Implemented rate limiting for reset requests and verification attempts.
- Created `AuthLog` model to track password reset events.
- Updated `User` model to store reset password fields (code hash, expiry, etc.).
- Enhanced error handling and response consistency to prevent account enumeration.

feat(project): enhance project creation with email-based member invitations

- Added support for inviting project members via email during project creation.
- Validated member roles and existence based on provided email addresses.
- Updated project status enum to include 'FINAL_SUBMITTED'.

fix(upload): restrict document uploads to project members only

- Implemented authorization check to ensure only project members can upload documents.

docs: add documentation for password reset and document vault features

- Created detailed documentation for the password reset flow and Google Drive integration for document uploads.
- Updated completed sprints documentation to reflect recent feature deliveries.

chore: update dependencies and package configurations

- Added Nodemailer to package dependencies for email functionality.

docs/01-workflow-diagrams.md, after:

# Capstone Workflow Diagrams

## Project Status State Machine

The project lifecycle follows a strict state machine to ensure academic integrity.

### States (Enums)
1.  **PROPOSED**: Initial state. Student creates a project proposal.
2.  **ADVISER_REVIEW**: Student submits the proposal/document for adviser review.
3.  **REVISION_REQUIRED**: Adviser returns the document with feedback.
4.  **APPROVED_FOR_DEFENSE**: Adviser approves the document for panel defense.
5.  **FINAL_SUBMITTED**: Adviser confirms all revisions are complied after defense approval.
6.  **ARCHIVED**: Project is completed and archived by the Coordinator.

### Transitions

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2
    [*] --> PROPOSED
    PROPOSED --> ADVISER_REVIEW: Student Submits
    ADVISER_REVIEW --> REVISION_REQUIRED: Adviser Requests Changes
    REVISION_REQUIRED --> ADVISER_REVIEW: Student Re-submits
    ADVISER_REVIEW --> APPROVED_FOR_DEFENSE: Adviser Approves
    APPROVED_FOR_DEFENSE --> FINAL_SUBMITTED: Adviser Marks Final Submission
    FINAL_SUBMITTED --> ARCHIVED: Coordinator Archives
    ARCHIVED --> [*]
```

### Rules
*   **Uploads**: Allowed only in `PROPOSED` and `REVISION_REQUIRED`.
*   **Adviser Review**: Only Advisers can transition from `ADVISER_REVIEW`.
*   **Final Submission**: Only Advisers can transition from `APPROVED_FOR_DEFENSE` to `FINAL_SUBMITTED`.
*   **Archival**: Only Coordinators can transition to `ARCHIVED`.
